docs: add release guide (#38)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-setup: docs/release.md

> # Releasing guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Release guide
```
Let's keep the tense consistent.

> Perform the following steps in order to release new verions of Sumologic Kubernetes Setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the following steps in order to release a new version of Sumologic Kubernetes Setup.
```
